cinema synopses spoiler alert
mild-mannered radio executive Brad
Whitaker struggles to be a good
stepfather to his wife Sarah's two
children Megan and Dylan good morning
Megan and is seemingly sterile after an
incident to his testicles some years ago
ever since then my testicles have been
more decorative than anything else the
children begin to grow closer to Brad
with Dylan confiding in him that he is
being picked on at school and Megan
asking him to take her to a
father-daughter dance
at her school one night the kids is
biological father and Sarah's former
husband dusty Mayron calls today and
discovers Sarah's marriage with Brad he
subsequently and suddenly announces he
will be visiting the next day tomorrow
what Sarah is hesitant about her former
husband being in their home but Brad
convinces her that it is important for
the kids that their father and
stepfather established boundaries with
each other I'll welcome dusty into her
home when dusty arrives Brad is
immediately intimidated by his more
attractive and muscular appearance and
how he easily gets along with Megan and
Dylan however dusty continually charms
Brad into letting him stay despite Sarah
protesting about the kind of men that
dusty really is Brad soon wises up when
it becomes clear that dusty intends to
drive Brad out of his kids's lives and
reconcile with Sarah after multiple
instances of dusty showing Brad up
including getting the kids a dog
finishing a tree house that Brad wanted
to build with Dylan
and attempting to drive a wedge between
Brad and Sarah by taking them to a
fertility doctor hoping that Brad's
inability to give Sarah a baby will send
her into Dusty's arms can help you have
a baby he can't
the two men appear to reach an
understanding after working together to
teach Dylan how to defend himself
I've never punched anyone in life
additionally Brad and Sarah are
overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm
count has increased significantly a
result of dusty invading his territory
giving them hope of having a child
together now that he's got a fighting
chance of getting you pregnant
however Brad is stunned when dusty
reveals that he still intends to drive
Brad out of the family I'm here to
defeat you take back my family desperate
Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars
on early Christmas gifts including a
pony and $18,000 seats at a basketball
game at the game dusty once again shows
Brad up by revealing himself to be
friends with the coach to Dylan's
favorite team is the biggest Kobe fan in
the world come on down I'm seducing and
an enraged
Brad begins drinking heavily I get five
beers during halftime Brad is chosen to
try to shoot a basketball to win a prize
drunk
Brad goes on a rant about dusty
before accidentally pelting a
cheerleader and a disabled child in a
wheelchair in the face with basketballs
Brad moves out of the house however when
dusty tries to comfort Sarah she rejects
him and forces him to step up as a dad
to help his kids with their busy
schedules
four days later Brad is living in his
office at work depressed
dusty meanwhile is overwhelmed by the
many responsibilities of being a
full-time father industy decides to call
it quits and Inez on the day of Megan's
father-daughter dance
Randy's riff goes to Brad and convinces
him to fight for his family
Brad catches dusty at a bar and tries to
get him to come back so it's gotta be
you
dusty admits that he cannot handle the
hard part about being a father and
admires Brad for putting up with all the
things that he has to go through I
wanted to prove that I was a good dad
too but I'm not
Brad says that all of the terrible parts
about being a dad are worthless because
in the end he is doing it for his kids
most of what dads do was just take shape
this convinces dusty to go to the dance
and he and Brad arrive together
in order to dance there they discover
that the classmate who is picking on
Dylan at school is a girl and almost get
into a fight with her father when Dylan
physically retaliates
however dusty finally decides to follow
Brad's lead on being a father and
instead follows the fight by starting a
dance-off Brad and Sarah reconcile and
dusty decides to stay and be a good dad
to his kids later the whole family is
happy Brad and Sarah have a new baby boy
named after Griff Commuter and Megan and
Dylan have finally accepted Brad as
their stepfather dusty who now has a job
as a panda DJ and becomes wealthy
through his work has moved in across the
street after building a castle there and
he and Brad are now friends
dusty eventually remarries to a woman
named Karen who has a daughter
thus dusty becomes a stepfather himself
okay
sara is immediately intimidated by
Karen's after meeting her she feels that
Karen's looks surpass hers and she is
jealous of the latter's professions as a
doctor and a novelist dusty is now in
exactly the same position that he puts
Brad in a year ago at odds with his
stepdaughters incredibly intimidating
father Roger
let's cut blanks from arms you must be
Roger nope
keep watching for some fun Easter eggs
and trivia about daddy's home the
doctor's name comes from two names from
Will Ferrell's other movies Emilio from
a night at the Roxbury and Francisco
from elf Will Ferrell's character is
named Brad Whitaker the name of the
villain in the James Bond movie The
Living Daylights
Mark Wahlberg had to do about 700
assisted one-arm pull-ups for the garage
scene they had someone under him
assisting him so he wouldn't sound
strained during the conversation they
had to do many takes from many angles
Tony Hawk and Mike McGill served a stunt
doubles for a skateboarding scene in the
film the scene involving Will Ferrell's
careful watching a half-court shot and
getting a cheerleader with a basketball
this film during halftime of a real
basketball game between the pelicans and
the Lakers in New Orleans videos of the
incident quickly popped up on video
sites such as YouTube and vine the
airport in the movie is actually the New
Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention
Center the airport was too busy for
filming so the convention center signage
was changed to make it look like an
airport
[Music]